
                      Invisible Clock
                      
This technique works opposite to the Green Screening technique.In this the foreground frame is removed wheereas in green screening the background is removed.

The following algorithm is followed:

1) First the background is captured and stored.
2) Then detect the desired colour by defining the upper and lower range of the colour in hsv form.
3) The defined color part is then segmented out by generating a mask.
4) The final output is generated by combining the mask.


Defining the HSV range for the desired colour:

H stands for Hue, it shows the color portion of a model. It can be expressed as a number from 0 to 360 degrees. For example red falls between 0 and 60 degrees ,yellow falls between 61 to 120 degrees.

S stands for saturation,it defines the grey component of a color from 0 to 100 percent . Reducing the value produces more gray color and gives a faded effect.

V stands for value or brightness, it defines the intensity of the color ranges from 0 to 100 and 100 is the brightest and revels the most color.

Recording the background from each frame:

In this we replace the red pixcels from the background pixel which creat the invisibility effect. In each frame it stores the background image.

Detection of the defined color portion:

From each frame we mask the desired color and replace it with background pixel. It is necessary to convert RGB to HSV as RGB is highly sensative to illumination.

Apply morphological transformation:

These are some operations based on the image shape. It needs two input one is our original image and secon is know as a kernal (matrix) which keep hold of the nature of the operartion.

Two morphological operation used in the code are as follows:

Dilation:It is basically used to increase the size of the foreground object . It increaese the area of the object under consideration. For this atleast one element under the cornel should be '1'.

Opening:It is the function which performs erosion followed by dilation. due to erosion, the white noices in the image is removed , but it also shrink the image so dilution is used to thicken the size of the object.
This makes our magical invisible clock.
